a few weeks ago Stretford was presented
with its charter of incorporation thus
transforming Stretford into a banner the
earth derby presented this Charter on
behalf of His Majesty the King
and may those who engage in the
administration of the balanced Affairs
have only one object in view the good
government and a welfare and happiness
of its citizens if I may say so without
a patent sir no better twice with chat
and there could have been made than in
your good self you have already proved
your great worth both in national and
municipal matters you were chairman of
the local legislation committee in the
House of Commons and the experience you
gained there you bring to your new
office and I'm sure that you will set a
standard of Pi example which will be a
guide an example to those who come after
the following telegram is proposed on
your behalf to transmit to His Majesty
the King the burgesses of the new fellow
of straightfoward
assembled today to receive at the hands
of the Earl of Derby the chartered
creating the district a municipal
borough his army to convey to your
majesty
they're grateful appreciation of the
fact that the town has been deemed
worthy of being accorded by the exercise
of your royal prerogative the status of
a municipal borough and to assure your
majesty of the loyalty of your Majesty's
subjects the burgesses of the borough of
straight for
success to the Barra
you